Add osmapiR (#341)
ropensci/osmdata: README.Rmd

The package represents data in [`sf`](https://github.com/r-spatial/sf) format only, and only allows a single "layer" (such as points, lines, or polygons) to be read at one time.
It is nevertheless recommended over osmdata for large queries of single layers, or where relationships between layers are not important.

- [osmapiR](https://docs.ropensci.org/osmapiR/) is an R interface to the [OpenStreetMap API v0.6](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/API_v0.6) for fetching and saving raw geodata from/to the OpenStreetMap database.
This package allows access to OSM maps data as well as map notes, GPS traces, changelogs, and users data.

> To access OSM map data for purposes other than editing or exploring the history of the objects, better use osmdata or osmextract packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`osmapiR` enables editing or exploring the history of OSM objects, and is not intended to access OSM map data for other purposes (unlike the osmdata or osmextract packages).
```
Thanks Joan, and congrats on `osmapiR` - I was watching the review process closely. Great work! I didn't like the word "better", and have tried to rewrite to make all packages sound more equal. But I'm still not really happy with it, so feel free to edit further. It should be just a sentence that places all 3 packages equally, yet clarifies the areas in which one or the other is preferable.

Author: Thanks, I prefer your text. Better was referring to the server usage policies compliance, not to package goodness :smile:
